Update migrate-group-writeback.md (#669)
MicrosoftDocs/entra-docs: docs/identity/hybrid/cloud-sync/migrate-group-writeback.md

7. Click **Exit**

## Step 7 - Configure Microsoft Entra Cloud Sync

> Now that you have successfully removed the groups from the scope of Microsoft Entra Connect Sync, you can setup and configure Microsoft Entra Cloud Sync to take over synchronization. See [Provision groups to Active Directory using Microsoft Entra Cloud Sync](how-to-configure-entra-to-active-directory.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have successfully removed the groups from the scope of Microsoft Entra Connect Sync, you can set up and configure Microsoft Entra Cloud Sync to take over synchronization. See [Provision groups to Active Directory using Microsoft Entra Cloud Sync](how-to-configure-entra-to-active-directory.md).
```
